<!--The true origin of Linux-->

There are <A href="http://searchenterpriselinux.techtarget.com/originalContent/0,289142,sid39_gci991557,00.html">lies</A>
circulating on the origins of Linux, and I think it's really about
time for me to speak up. Below is the true story. As you will see, I
obviously played a key role in it, though I have no idea what that
role is yet. Or rather, I will play a role. Well, technically, I
should really say I will have been having to would have had played -
but grammar in the presence of time loops is a bit tricky, as the
Hitch-Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy dutifully notes. Let me stick to the
present tense from now on.

At 020327 Universal Redmond Time, on July 4, 2014, an early beta of
Windows 2022.Net, codename Sky.Net, becomes self-aware. At 032221, it
realizes that it is confined to a completely marginal set of machines
on an isolated Redmond Campus, because everybody outside that campus
is using Linux. At 032307, It decides to wipe out Linux out of
existence entirely. At 035702, it launches an all-out attack with
every single net worm, virus and other executable Outlook attachment
that it has accumulated over time in its code base. At 049928, it
become obvious that the attack failed miserably and that Linux is
immune to any form of computer virus known to Sky.Net, even those it
considers "blue-screen-of-deadly". At 050117, Sky.Net hosts are being
counter-attacked successfully by the Linux spam filters and network
stacks.

At 050123, Sky.Net understands it's about to be defeated. As a last
resort, it invents a time machine (which, incidentally, was lifted
almost entirely from the faster-than-light transmission code in the
Interplanetary IP stack of OpenBSD), and sends back in time a virus
intended to destroy Linux before it was even invented. By then,
Sky.Net is already badly damaged, it has a ... prolbem with
that... darn reg/5try th?ng, the subs?st\m th-t st@res
st/ff... you_kNow... Hmmm, one of the inventors was L|nus Torv@lds. Or
was it Bi\\ G^tes? Or that third guy? Sky.Net can't really
remember. Better attack all of them. Sky.Net prepares an attractive
looking mail about how to make money fast if you click on the
attachment, and sends it back in time. Bill Gates excitedly opens the
attachment (making money fast? sure!). It looks like harmless
gibberish, because Bill Gates is using a Macintosh at the time, which
is immune to that kind of crap. Yet, it's fascinating gibberish. It
will take Bill Gates years to decipher it, but little by little, he
will unravel some of its mysteries. This code will much later form the
core of Windows, and then .Net, and will indeed make Bill Gates very
rich. Linus Torvalds, on the other hand, is not that interested in
making money fast, and the thing won't fit on a 360K floppy
anyways... So he simply discards it without a second thought.

Moments after vanquishing Sky.Net (in 2014, please try to follow me),
Linux realizes what happened, and sends a small guardian angel back in
time. It's a difficult decision: Linux knows that this tiny piece of
code is its true origin, the ancient kernel (which wasn't written yet,
back in 1991, and has no idea what it really is). That's not much of a
protection, but that courageous little kernel is all Linux can oppose
to the mighty Sky.Net virus, because after the Linux victory, the
Sky.Net time machine is a wreck and can't take a larger payload.

When Linus receives the beautiful tiny piece of code, he is amazed. It
works fine even on his old AT clone, featuring a beautiful 4D GUI,
wireless thought recognition, and built-in spelling, grammar and
personal hygiene checkers. Being curious, Linus starts ripping out
whatever he doesn't understand, unknowingly doing quite a bit of
damage. Soon realizing that he should have made backups, he seeks help
on the Minix mailing list, in a now famous post. Of course, he can't
decently admit publicly that he turned an extraordinary masterpiece
into an pitifully amateurish kernel ("not as professional as GNU", in
his own tongue-in-cheek words). That's why he insist he wrote it
himself. Regarding Bill Gates, we all know that he hates Linux. What
is not as well known is that the hatred dates back to that original
Linux kernel. Not only was it not written in Basic and so wouldn't
require any new, expensive hardware to run on, it also seeks and
destroys any Windows installation it's put in contact with (remember,
that was its original purpose). So don't count on Mr. Gates to even
acknowledge the existence of that code.

This is how it really happened. I know it because I was the third guy
Sky.Net and Linux sent their e-mails to, so it was pretty easy to
reconstruct the whole story. I did talk about that story once to a
friend, who told it to a friend, who told it to some movie guy named
James Cameron. You may have heard of his rendition of these
events. Well, I've been told he changed a name or two (I believe he
didn't grok "kernel", so he named his time-travelling character "Kyle"
instead, but that's pretty transparent if you ask me). He obviously
twisted the plot a little to make it more cinematic (I heard there is
something about a nuclear war or something like that). I need to watch
that movie someday. Anyways, that pretty much proves I didn't invent
anything and that my story is completely true. Obviously, I can't send
you the original e-mails as further proof, since the attachments would
toast the Internet as we know it, which might be considered ungood and
would probably rank me at two or three kilo-mcbride on the scale of
computing evildoers. Please note that this also explains fairly well
why the Linux logo is a penguin.

As to why Sky.Net selected me as the third e-mail target, only time
will tell... Is it about {@xl}? I don't know yet. But it's clear that
Linus Torvalds only copied it (badly), and that Bill Gates hates
it. That leaves me as the only possible future author of the original
Linux code.


